Shen Tingting is the daughter who protects Shen Wansan
The Queen of Business
Never even met me
And you asked him to pick you up?
Don't pretend to me here
As expected of Ke Shao
I saw through this useless trick at a glance
Useless straw bag
It doesn't even match to carry Miss Shen's shoes
Sister Xu Wen, it's okay if you are usually lazy
You've learned to lie now
I never thought you were such a person
Get out of here!
I don't want to see you again
Don't ask me then
Hahaha stop
I heard from my sister that I gave you 80 million in breakup fees
It's you, a poor loser, who deserves it
I mean, money?
Go away with that money
I didn't even look at him.
fart
80 million, can you earn it in a fucking lifetime?
I'll tell you what.
Now hand over the money
No, you don't give it to me.
Where's the money? You're still hiding it?
Ha ha.
Hahaha, what a piece of jade!
You have been an idiot in my Gao family for three years
This Yuquan is doing interest
Don't make trouble, go to me
I want this jade.
Hand over the money and I'll return the jade to you
Can't afford it?
If you don't pay
I'll smash this fish for you, okay?
die less